Intro:

A rapid fire slide show of images from past episodes and this coming episode.
Serene soaring string music with a gentle pulsing electronic beat
playing in the background.
VO: A serene voice says words of encouragement for a person struggling in the year 2076.
Those words are phrased like "You can stay sane in an insane time. I will show you
_____ strategies to <insert a positive futuristic outcome here>. Because a new world is
coming" (always end with that because then we tack on the intro part that we already 
have that starts with "SOONER THAN YOU THINK").

Interstitial card 1:
After the intro, before the first clip:
SOUND EFFECT on appearance: A single bass thump with a little electronic flavor to it.
The oppressive music asset plays in the background.
On the thump, a Card with black and white text with a bizarre short quote from the
upcoming clip shows. Then after 5 seconds, the thump happens again, and the card disappears

And the first clip starts.
After the first clip ends.

Interstitial card 2:
Same as above: Thump sound effect, card with absurd quote from the upcoming clip,
oppressive music in the background for 5 seconds while showing the card, then thump again.

The second clip starts
The second clip ends

Interstitial card 3:
Same as above: Thump sound effect, card with absurd quote from the upcoming clip,
oppressive music in the background for 5 seconds while showing the card, then thump again.

The third clip starts
The third clip ends.

OUTTRO:

The serene music from the intro plays again. A video of a beautiful green field with wildflowers
with a big blue sky with cumulous clouds slowly drifting. In the last few second, a figure far off
on a distant green hill can be seen coming into view, walking up the far side of the hill toward us. 
He is so far off we can barely see him. It is a man with brown skin and long hair and a beard
in a white t-shirt and jeans.
VO: the serene voice again : "This world, with you in it, was made beautiful. 
There will be justice. All will be made right. Sooner than you think."